# **Meeting 6 Minutes**

**Date: 13/08/2024**<br>
**Venue: Discord (Online)**

Attendance:
- Ciaran David Petrus Engelbrecht <23169641@student.uwa.edu.au>
- William Forrest Stewart van den Wall Bake <23086983@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Shashwat Abrol <23482415@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Connor James Fernie <23443143@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Oliver John Dean <21307131@student.uwa.edu.au>
- William Sydney Lodge <22980141@student.uwa.edu.au>

Apologies: 
- N/A


## Meeting Opened: 7:04pm 

---

## Reports

### Item 1.1: Previous Minutes
Move Minutes for meetings 5 be accepted 
<br> **Moved:** William van den Wall Bake
<br> **Seconded:** Ciaran
<br> Unanimously passed

### Item 1.2: Progress Reports
- Will vdWB ~ Automatic Table Detection investigation
  - Not not achieving required results, requires further investigation
  - Will need to have a conversation with client about this requirement
  - Distribution of pixels in cells may be a better way to approach
- Shashwat ~ UI/Table Build development progress
  - Going well; focusing on main functions, multiple pages, user can draw rectangles covering the tables and saves as PNG
- Connor & Cirian ~ Apply OCR & Put Text into Table function
	- Connor: Changed focus to sprint 1 deliverable documents, only need to finish project acceptance tests
	- Ciaran: Success and tried new OCR model which was faster than TrOCR and combined models have resulted in a high degree of accuracy. Changed image enhancement and had more success.
- Connor ~ Sprint documents
    - Only project acceptance tests need to be finished.
- Oliver Dean - Setup Tests 
	+ Made good progress and created tests successfully.


**Reports accepted**

---

## Discussions:

### Item 2.1: Client $100 Test
- OCR accuracy, automatic table detection, unreadable header (xlsx output) - are highest priority.
- Potentially need to assign error detection.
- Will vdWB suggested using several OCRs to and comparing the output values for error detection, can insert image where there is a low confidence rating.
- Ciaran has created a user intervention which previews the output to the user.

### Item 2.2: Sprint 1 Due
- Discussed method of submission.
- Connor has almost finished the documents required to be sent to the auditor and client.

### Item 2.3: Moving Client Meeting
- Won't move time, Connor will watch transcript, team agreed it would be too inconvenient for the client.

### Item 2.4: Put together Plan for UI or UX in line with MVP
- Will vdWB was going to suggest developing UI/UX plans
- Connor has already completed basic wireframes for UI in the scope of work documentation.

### Item 2.5: UI Interoperability with Preset or detected table
- Discussion about the UI interoperability with Shashwat and Will vdWB.

### Item 2.6: Assigne someone to look at Optimisation
- Oliver suggested it be combined with code review
- Team agreed and will look into later.

### Item 2.7: Setup Github auto Python app building and testing
- Will vdWB suggested using Github actions to set up automated testing 
- Will vdWB and Oliver will look into implementing this.



Section moved on block <br>
**Mover:** William van den Wall Bake <br>
**Seconder:** Ciaran <br>
Unanimously passed

---

## To Do:

### Item 3.1: Confirm Connor on SPRINT 1/Sprint 1 Submisson
- Only project acceptance tests needs to be completed
- Team will review documents prior to submission

### Item 3.2: Approach to Auto table detection
- William Bake - investigate other ways to do automatic table detection
- Team can suggest potential better ways to do so

### Item 3.3: Find time to meet with Auditor
- Shashwat has emailed the auditor and received availability
- Team agreed on Friday 30th 9-10am meeting

Section moved on block <br>
Mover: William van den Wall Bake <br>
Seconder: Ciaran <br>
Unanimously passed

---
## Next Meeting:

### Item 4.1: Recurring meeting time
- Tuesday 7:00pm via Discord 

### Item 4.2: Next Client Timezone
- Wednesday 9:00am AWST (6pm Vancouver time) via Teams - Will to get in touch
- Discussions:
    - Table detection accuracy
    - Explain sprint 1 documents

### Item 4.3: Next Mentor Meeting
- Date has not been confirmed

### Item 4.4: Next Auditor Meeting
- Shashwat will contact to confirm Friday 30th 9-10am meeting

Move Items on Block <br>
Mover: William van den Wall Bake <br>
Seconder: Ciaran <br>
Unanimously passed

## Meeting Closed: 7:44pm 

---

## Action Items:
- Reports for next meeting:
    + Connor - Meeting 6 minutes
	+ Connor & Cirian - Continued work on OCR
	+ Shashwat - UI/Table Build development progress
	+ William Bake & Oliver - Investigate Github auto Python app building and testing
	+ William Bake - Automatic Table Detection investigation
	+ Oliver - Consider code reviews
 
- Contact
	+ Shashwat - email Auditor to confirm Friday 30th 9-10am meeting
