# **Meeting 12 Minutes**

**Date: 08/10/2024**<br>
**Venue: Teams (Online)**

Attendance:
- Ciaran David Petrus Engelbrecht <23169641@student.uwa.edu.au>
- William Forrest Stewart van den Wall Bake <23086983@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Connor James Fernie <23443143@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Shashwat Abrol <23482415@student.uwa.edu.au>
- William Sydney Lodge <22980141@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Oliver John Dean <21307131@student.uwa.edu.au>

Apologies: 

Absent:

## Meeting Opened: 7:02pm

---

## Reports

### Item 1.1: Previous Minutes
Move Minutes for meetings 11 be accepted 
<br> **Moved:** Connor
<br> **Seconded:** William
<br> Unanimously passed

### Item 1.2: Progress Reports
- Cirian, Connor and Oliver - Work conuntinuing; Confirming that Oliver uploaded files to Git repo.
    - Connor - Tried but was unsuccessful, had to focus on other units
    - Oliver - Successful attempts, has integrated many features, integrated Shashwat's code
    - Ciaran - OCR remove image preprocessing per cell reduces time by 1/3 with a minor reduction in accuracy, potential preprocessing checkbox, Documentation
- Shashwat - Continued work on GUI lines; Making good progress.
- William Bake & William Lodge - Table Detection and GUI integration of Ciarans work; William Bake Installer.
    - William Bake - Has been having many issues with setting up an installer, Oliver's work helped
    - William Lodge - Clarification on last meetings updates

Section moved on block
<br> **Moved:** Will Lodge
<br> **Seconded:** Will Bake
<br> Unanimously passed
<br>**Reports accepted**

---

## Discussions:

### Item 2.1: Image preprocessing
- Ciaran raised removing preprocessing
- William Bake suggested this was discussed in the previous meeting
- Will raise this issue with the client in tomorrows meeting


### Item 2.2: Demonstration to client
- Will Lodge asked what needs to be demoed
- Will Bake suggested Oliver demoing the GUI and a OCR run through


### Item 2.3: Meeting times
- Mentor meeting 12pm next Wednesday
- Shashwat will recontact the Auditor


### Item 2.4: Sprint 3 Submissables
- Team agreed to submit on the Monday 5:00pm 
- Connor will complete the project acceptance tests and user story completion documentation
- Ciaran will complete the user guide
- Oliver will compile a document of all the additional features in the GUI

<br> **Moved:** William
<br> **Seconded:** Connor
<br> Unanimously passed
<br>**Reports accepted**

---

## To Do:

### Item 3.1: Installation bugs checks
- Connor will complete the project acceptance tests and user story completion documentation
- Ciaran will complete the user guide
- Oliver will compile a document of all the additional features in the GUI

### Item 3.2: Installation bugs checks
- Fix installation and bat issues for client demo

Section moved on block 
<br> **Mover:** William
<br> **Seconder:** Ciaran
<br> Unanimously passed

---
## Next Meeting:

### Item 4.1: Next Team Meeting
- Tue 15th Oct @ 7pm via Discord

### Item 4.2: Next Client Meeting
- Demo tomorrow
    - Oliver to demo GUI and OCR runthrough


### Item 4.3: Next Mentor Meeting
- Connor will ask for 12pm next Wed

### Item 4.4: Next Auditor Meeting
- Shashwat will recontact

Section moved on block 
<br> **Mover:** William
<br> **Seconder:** Shashwat
<br> Unanimously passed

## Meeting Closed: 7:26pm

---

## Action Items:
### Reports for next meeting:
+ Ciaran - User guide, OCR
+ William Lodge - Bug fixing
+ William Bake - Installer
+ Connor - Sprint 3 Acceptance/Stories Docs
+ Oliver - GUI + let Connor know about extra features implemented
+ Everyone - Fixing up/Finalising Code

### Contact
+ Connor awaiting return of contact with Mentor
+ Shashwat Contacting Auditor