# **Meeting 11 Minutes**

**Date: 23/09/2024**<br>
**Venue: Teams (Online)**

Attendance:
- Ciaran David Petrus Engelbrecht <23169641@student.uwa.edu.au>
- William Forrest Stewart van den Wall Bake <23086983@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Connor James Fernie <23443143@student.uwa.edu.au>
- William Sydney Lodge <22980141@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Shashwat Abrol <23482415@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Oliver John Dean <21307131@student.uwa.edu.au>

Apologies: 
- N/A

Absent:
- N/A

## Meeting Opened: 9:--am

---

## Reports

### Item 1.1: Previous Minutes
Move Minutes for meetings 9 be accepted 
<br> **Moved:** 
<br> **Seconded:** 
<br> Unanimously passed

### Item 1.2: Progress Reports
- Ciaran ~ OCR stage progress
- Report on OCR; Working Well.
- Connor ~ Finish sprint documentation
- Confirmed working on sprint 2 documentation; General work on miscellaneous
- Shashwat ~ UI & table build development progress, ability for user to shift lines
- Continued work on Table detection – stopping work to find issues with image enhancements
- William Bake ~ Automatic table detection progress, code review
- More Progress being made - believe in final form though
- Oliver ~ UI & testing progress
- got GUI setup well; And having to commit soon with new table detection work
- William Lodge ~ Automatic table detection progress
- Progress going Well; Efforts similar to other Will


Section moved on block
<br> **Moved:** Connor
<br> **Seconded:** Shashwat
<br> Unanimously passed
<br>**Reports accepted**

---

## Discussions:

### Item 2.1: Git practices
- Suggestion based on previous Mentor meeting
- Connor wondering if good to create Pull requests.
- Suggested Oliver to use branch for GUI stuff that he is yet to commit to main

### Item 2.2: Can automatic table detection be improved further?
- William B says no further can be developed; Oliver in Agreement
- Connor says good to focus on something more important; Such as OCR.
- OCR improvements going well - Ciaran

### Item 2.3: Can OCR accuracy be signed off on the time-sheet?
- Oliver mentioned Documentation for Sprint 2; Oliver clarified information about that and Chris Preferences to discuss in meeting
- William Lodge asking if we should do another demo; Connor in agreement would be good to use another demo considering failures that occurred last week.
- Tick off table detection and OCR accuracy in deliverables as completed


Section moved on block
<br> **Moved:** Connor
<br> **Seconded:** Shashwat
<br> Unanimously passed

---

## To Do:

### Item 3.1: Assign sprint 3 team manager
- Connor Asked for volunteers
- William Lodge volunteered; Will start as new Manager from next week.

### Item 3.2: Assign sprint 3 minute taker
- New Minuted taker asked for; William Bake confirmed happy to keep taking minutes

### Item 3.3: Review sprint 3 deliverables
- Need to get installation guide/installation setup.
- Submit Git commit logs
- Need to submit codes on to teams
- Not immediate required but something to look into

### Item 3.4: Reassign members to tasks
- Uncertainty about assignment of tasks/what to do for meanwhile
- Some members have certainty but others aren’t sure about what to do
- Oliver asked for help integrating OCR stuff with GUI; will commit files to main to allow for collaboration.
- Ciaran says good to group up on task
- Wills assigned to table detection integration
- Connor helping Ciaran to help with OCR
- Shashwat to work with Oliver for integration soon
- Due to high completion of program; Now just looking for improvements.

### Item 3.5: 


Section moved on block 
<br> **Mover:** Connor
<br> **Seconder:** Oliver
<br> Unanimously passed

---
## Next Meeting:

### Item 4.1: Next Team Meeting
- Tue 1st Oct @ 7pm via Discord

### Item 4.2: Next Client Meeting
- Wed 25th Sep @ 9am via Teams
- Discussions:
- 

### Item 4.3: Next Mentor Meeting
- Next Mentor meeting suggested as being a celebratory event; 
- Go have lunch with him for example; 
- Need to send email and find availability for it.

### Item 4.4: Next Auditor Meeting
- TBA

Section moved on block 
<br> **Mover:** Connor
<br> **Seconder:** William
<br> Unanimously passed

## Meeting Closed: 9:24am

---

## Action Items:
- Reports for next meeting:
+ Ciaran, Connor & Oliver- OCR and GUI
+ Connor - 
+ Shashwat - Continued work on GUI lines
+ William Bake & William Lodge - Table Detection and GUI integration of Ciarans work
- Contact
+ Connor to contact Andy for next meeting


