# Gary
# CITS3200 PROFESSIONAL COMPUTING

## MEETING 5 AGENDA

### Time: 18:30
### Date: 06/08/2024

Venue: Online

| Tasks                      | Sub Tasks                                                                                                                                                                          |
| -------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Reports                    | Confirmation of previous Minutes for meeting 4<br>                                                                                                                     **Progress Reports:**  <br> - *Will vdWB* ~ Cellualrisation Function <br> - *Will Lodge* ~ PDF Page to Image function <br> - *Shashwat* ~ User Inputs/Divides up Table function <br>	- *Connor* & *Cirian* ~ Apply OCR & Put Text into Table function <br> - *Oliver Dean* - GUI function function |
| Discussions/Clarifications | Last client meeting ~ Client $100 value<br> Tests - how to do? <br> UI - how should it work ~ *(integration of Shashwat and Dean?)* <br> Automatic Table Detection <br> Next Project Leader change over - when? <br> Contact with IRL people at UWA <br> OCR Discussion|
| To Do                      | - Assign someone to create tests <br> - Assign tasks of outline or design of UI <br> - Potentially get in contact with people at UWA <br> - Misc. Technicals|
| Next Meeting               | - Reaffirm next recurring meeting <br> - Discuss reccuring time for client meeting ~ Consider new Timezone and client request in last meeting|
