# **Meeting 11 Minutes**

**Date: 01/10/2024**<br>
**Venue: Teams (Online)**

Attendance:
- Ciaran David Petrus Engelbrecht <23169641@student.uwa.edu.au>
- William Forrest Stewart van den Wall Bake <23086983@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Connor James Fernie <23443143@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Shashwat Abrol <23482415@student.uwa.edu.au>

Apologies: 
- William Sydney Lodge <22980141@student.uwa.edu.au>

Absent:
- Oliver John Dean <21307131@student.uwa.edu.au>

## Meeting Opened: 7:16pm

---

## Reports

### Item 1.1: Previous Minutes
Move Minutes for meetings 11 be accepted 
<br> **Moved:** Connor
<br> **Seconded:** William
<br> Unanimously passed

### Item 1.2: Progress Reports
- Cirian, Connor and Oliver - Work conuntinuing; Confirming that Oliver uploaded files to Git repo.
- Shashwat - Continued work on GUI lines; Making good progress.
- William Bake & William Lodge - Table Detection and GUI integration of Ciarans work; William Bake was unable to deliver due to spending time organising files and trying to find actual files.

Section moved on block
<br> **Moved:** Connor
<br> **Seconded:** Shashwat
<br> Unanimously passed
<br>**Reports accepted**

---

## Discussions:

### Item 2.1: Client meeting Tomorrow
- Cancelled to accomidate CLient Needs

### Item 2.2: Discussing File Organisation and Final Sprint
- Organise Files and find out what is what and what isn't
- Complaints all around about what's going on with files
- Going through and moving files (see Post meeting commit for changes)
- What to do with Unit Tests
- Massive changes to file structure
- Resolve to put all code on github
- Need to find correct runthrough file

### Item 2.3: Contact
- Contact Penny for Auditor Meeting
-

### Item 2.4: Timetable/Last Weeks discussion
- Project done by next week
- Deliverable Demo Meetings in Week 12

<br> **Moved:** Connor
<br> **Seconded:** William
<br> Unanimously passed
<br>**Reports accepted**

---

## To Do:

### Item 3.1: Code Consolidation
- See discussion Points

### Item 3.2: Installation/Installer setup
- Investigate getting installer setup and how that would work William van den Wall Bake (for Windows)

### Item 3.3: Documentation Assignment
- Creating Manual
- Ciaran put hand up

Section moved on block 
<br> **Mover:** William
<br> **Seconder:** Ciaran
<br> Unanimously passed

---
## Next Meeting:

### Item 4.1: Next Team Meeting
- Tue 8th Oct @ 7pm via Discord

### Item 4.2: Next Client Meeting
- Cancelled by Client; Delayed until after next Team Meeting


### Item 4.3: Next Mentor Meeting
- Connor awaiting Resp

### Item 4.4: Next Auditor Meeting
- Connor Awaiting Resp

Section moved on block 
<br> **Mover:** Connor
<br> **Seconder:** William
<br> Unanimously passed

## Meeting Closed: 7:47pm

---

## Action Items:
### Reports for next meeting:
+ Ciaran, Connor & Oliver- OCR and GUI
+ William Bake & William Lodge - Table Detection and GUI integration of Ciarans work
+ William Bake - Installer
+ Ciaran - Documentation
+ Oliver - What is going on with code? 
+ Everyone - Fixing up/Finalising Code

### Contact
+ Connor awaiting return of contact with Mentor
+ Shashwat Contacting Auditor