# **Meeting 8 Minutes**

**Date: 30/08/2024**<br>
**Venue: Discord (Online)**

Attendance:
- Ciaran David Petrus Engelbrecht <23169641@student.uwa.edu.au>
- William Forrest Stewart van den Wall Bake <23086983@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Shashwat Abrol <23482415@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Connor James Fernie <23443143@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Oliver John Dean <21307131@student.uwa.edu.au>
- William Sydney Lodge <22980141@student.uwa.edu.au>

Apologies: 
- N/A


## Meeting Opened: 9:01am 

---

## Reports

### Item 1.1: Previous Minutes
Move Minutes for meetings 6 be accepted 
<br> **Moved:** William Bake
<br> **Seconded:** Ciaran
<br> Unanimously passed

### Item 1.2: Progress Reports
- Will vdWB ~ Automatic Table Detection investigation
  - Working on the automatic table detection, having issues with luminosity detection
  - Put together some examples for OCR detection
- Shashwat ~ UI/Table Build development progress
  - Drawing bounds when clicking w/ mouse events, some numbers getting cut off though
  - Starting work on UI
- Connor & Cirian ~ Apply OCR & Put Text into Table function
	- Ciaran: Happy with the accuracy of the OCR, performance not up to requirements
        - Suggested removing easyocr -> raise at next meeting
        - Table detection helps accuracy of the OCR -> suggested prioritising table detection
    - Connor: 
        - Confirmed mentor meeting time 
        - Raised issue of last column in example document not being OCRd
- Oliver Dean - Setup Tests 
	- Added unit testing for OCR models, expanded testing for language support
- Will Lodge
    - GitHub actions checking if python standards are being met, code coverage added
    - Investigated comparison verification

Section moved on block
<br> **Moved:** William Bake
<br> **Seconded:** Shashwat
<br> Unanimously passed
<br>**Reports accepted**

---

## Discussions:

### Item 2.1: Sprint 1 user functionality 
- Connor walked through sprint 1 user stories and current progress toward them
- William Bake discussed requirements and progress toward stories, explained client requirements


Section moved on block
<br> **Moved:** William Bake
<br> **Seconded:** Oliver
<br> Unanimously passed

---

## To Do:

### Item 3.1: Sprint 2 Working Demo Plan
 - William Bake suggested CLI demo for client
 - Oliver asked for clarification of the working demo code for the group
 - William Bake explained the Runthrough code which will be used for demonstration
 - Oliver can add trigger events for UI
 - Ciaran raise issue: every page gets over-written when OCR
 - Connor confirmed demoing CLI for sprint 2

### Item 3.2: Code Integration & Consolidation
 - William Bake began consolidation process
 - William Bake volunteered to do this job -> UI integration is next thing to look at

### Item 3.3: Sprint 2 Documentation
 - Team effort as majority is software deliverables
 - Connor volunteered for sprint 2 user stories
 - Team offered to delegate tasks when required

### Item 3.4: PDF Table Detection Error Demos
 - William Bake can demonstrate these issues in sprint 2 demo meeting
 - Connor explaied this issue from previous client meeting

### Item 3.5: Delegating Auto Table Detection Tasks
 - Ciaran suggested delegating the auto table detection errors, flagging its priority/importance
 - William Lodge volunteered to help with table detection tasks

### Item 3.6: GUI
 - Oliver put forward him and Shashwat working on the GUI moving forward
 - Team agreed this is a good idea


Section moved on block <br>
Mover: William Bake <br>
Seconder: Shashwat <br>
Unanimously passed

---
## Next Meeting:

### Item 4.1: Recurring meeting time
- Tuesday 3/09/24 7:00pm via Discord 

### Item 4.2: Next Client Timezone
- Wednesday 9:00am AWST (6pm Vancouver time) via Teams
- Discussions:
    - Current efficiency versus performance with easyocr
    - Conditional ocr models based on confidence scores

### Item 4.3: Next Mentor Meeting
- Thursday 19th September

### Item 4.4: Next Auditor Meeting
- Shashwat will determine

Move Items on Block <br>
Mover: William van den Wall Bake <br>
Seconder: William Lodge <br>
Unanimously passed

## Meeting Closed: 9:25am 

---

## Action Items:
- Reports for next meeting:
    + Ciaran - OCR progress
	+ Connor - OCR progress, meeting 8 Minutes, sprint 2 stories
	+ Shashwat - UI & table build development progress
	+ William Bake - Automatic table detection progress, output overwritten in runthrough, minor code consolidation
	+ Oliver - UI & testing progress
	+ William Lodge - Automatic table detection progress
 
- Contact
	+ Shashwat - next auditor meeting