# **Meeting 10 Minutes**

**Date: 17/09/2024**<br>
**Venue: Discord (Online)**

Attendance:
- Ciaran David Petrus Engelbrecht <23169641@student.uwa.edu.au>
- William Forrest Stewart van den Wall Bake <23086983@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Connor James Fernie <23443143@student.uwa.edu.au>
- William Sydney Lodge <22980141@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Shashwat Abrol <23482415@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Oliver John Dean <21307131@student.uwa.edu.au>

Apologies: 
- N/A

## Meeting Opened: 7:01pm

---

## Reports

### Item 1.1: Previous Minutes
Move Minutes for meetings 9 be accepted 
<br> **Moved:** Connor
<br> **Seconded:** Will Bake
<br> Unanimously passed

### Item 1.2: Progress Reports
- Ciaran ~ Automatic table detection progress, CSV output overwritten fix
   - Attempted auto table detection and found that the current approach was better
   - CSV output overwritten issue has been issue
- Connor ~ Automatic table detection progress, sprint 2 stories, CSV output overwritten fix
   - Haven't taken a look at auto detection
   - Sprint 2 documentation progressing well
- Shashwat ~ UI & table build development progress
   - UI going pretty good, will compare UI with Oliver to get the best feature
   - Integrated lines and it seems to be finished
- William Bake ~ Automatic table detection progress, CSV output overwritten fix
   - Still having issues, looked into outlier values, etc.
   - Runs into trouble when there are different tables
- Oliver ~ UI & testing progress
   - GUI working with the run through test, extra functionality has been added
   - Should be able to demo to Chris tomorrow
   - Table detection not passing correct info to the OCR, will use the existing table detection method
- William Lodge ~ Automatic table detection progress
   - Put work into it but had issues with low quality tables


Section moved on block
<br> **Moved:** Connor
<br> **Seconded:** Shashwat
<br> Unanimously passed
<br>**Reports accepted**

---

## Discussions:

### Item 2.1: Demo Meeting Plan 
- Will Bake suggested using Austria table for the demonstration
- Oliver will demo it on his laptop
- Ciaran explained that there is a specific paddleOCR model that you need to use GPU
- Oliver shared screen of GUI to demo progress to the team
- Will Bake discussed needed to increase DPI of PDF import as issues may arise with low DPI++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
- Will Lodge 

### Item 2.1: Sprint 3 Team Manager
- Assign during 

### Item 2.1: Auditor Meeting
- Connor suggested cancelling regular team meeting next Tuesday
- Shashwat will check with her about public holiday
- Will Bake suggested he takes meeting minutes and Connor will run the meetings


Section moved on block
<br> **Moved:** Connor
<br> **Seconded:** Will Bake
<br> Unanimously passed

---

## To Do:

### Item 3.1: Review and approve Sprint 2 Goal Evaluation Document
 - 

### Item 3.2: Review and approve Sprint 3 Goals and User Stories
 - discussed email stuff, etc.

### Item 3.3: Complete Team Retrospective documentation
 - 

### Item 3.4: Shashwat demoed his UI work
 - Demoed how to add lines and how his UI is working
 - Ciaran asked if he could shift lines +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
 - Will Bake asked if it implements auto table detection
 - Shashwat explained that it can be done by integrating with Oliver's code
 - Will Bake and Oliver discussed how to approach auto table detection

### Item 3.5:
 - 


Section moved on block 
<br> **Mover:** Connor
<br> **Seconder:** Will Bake
<br> Unanimously passed

---
## Next Meeting:

### Item 4.1: Recurring meeting time
- Tuesday 3/09/24 7:00pm via Discord - Cancelled

### Item 4.2: Next Client Timezone
- Wednesday 9:00am AWST (6pm Vancouver time) via Teams
- Discussions:
    - Project Demonstration
    - Client Retrospective

### Item 4.3: Next Mentor Meeting
- Thursday 19th September 

### Item 4.4: Next Auditor Meeting
- Next Monday 9am

Section moved on block 
<br> **Mover:** 
<br> **Seconder:** 
<br> Unanimously passed

## Meeting Closed: 7:52pm

---

## Action Items:
- Reports for next meeting:
    + Ciaran - Automatic table detection progress, CSV output overwritten fix
	+ Connor - Automatic table detection progress, sprint 2 stories, CSV output overwritten fix
	+ Shashwat - UI & table build development progress
	+ William Bake - Automatic table detection progress, CSV output overwritten fix
	+ Oliver - UI & testing progress
	+ William Lodge - Automatic table detection progress
 
- Contact
	+ Shashwat - next auditor meeting
