# **Meeting 5 Minutes**

**Date: 06/08/2024**<br>
**Venue: Discord (Online)**

Attendance:
- Ciaran David Petrus Engelbrecht <23169641@student.uwa.edu.au>

- William Forrest Stewart van den Wall Bake <23086983@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Shashwat Abrol <23482415@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Connor James Fernie <23443143@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Oliver John Dean <21307131@student.uwa.edu.au>

Apologies: 
- William Sydney Lodge <22980141@student.uwa.edu.au>


## Meeting Opened: 7:04pm 

---

## Reports

### Item 1.1: Previous Minutes
Move Minutes for meetings 4 be accepted 
<br> **Moved:** William van den Wall Bake
<br> **Seconded:** Connor
<br> Unanimously passed

### Item 1.2: Progress Reports
- Will vdWB ~ Cellularization Function
  - Basically Done; Able to move on to other functions
  - Will work on Image sharpening and defining
- Will Lodge ~ PDF Page to Image function
	- Notes Provided Pre-meeting: <br> *"all is well w it, just need to figure out the GUI situation so can integrate with it…. As of right now you need to give a PDF file path (of the PDF to be changed) and an output folder path for the converted image."*
- Shashwat ~ User Inputs/Divides up Table function
  - Making good progress with function. Working away with Tkinter
- Connor & Cirian ~ Apply OCR & Put Text into Table function
	- Connor: Success with OCR Limited - looking in images enhancement with sharpness/brightness contrast stuff
	- Ciaran: Success with numbers for MS but issues with text; More successful with tesseract for text - potential solution with tesseract for text and MS for numbers. Proposed image enhancements; Assigned to Will Lodge potentially in PDF Page to Image Function
- Oliver Dean - GUI function 
	+ Has basic UI with buttons - nothing advance but basic functionality and ability to interface with files
- Shashwat ~ Bugzilla
	+ Looked into - bug reporting and bug tracking - better to integrate later on in project development

**Reports accepted**

---

## Discussions:

### Item 2.1: Last client meeting
- Oliver mentioned client focus on Auto-table detection
- Connor mentioned focus client has on OCR

### Item 2.2: Tests
- Oliver volunteered to setup tests
	- Setup up example OCR

### Item 2.3: UI - How to integrate
- Integration should be relatively easy according to Shashwat
- Oliver wanting to use same libraries as Shashwat

### Item 2.4: Automatic Table Detection
- Camelot pie suggested by Ciaran
- William van den Wall Bake volunteered to take a look at.

### Item 2.5: Next Project Leader change over 
- After Sprint 1 - suggested by Connor (end of next week)
- Split role of leader and minutes taker

### Item 2.6: Contact with People involved with Project at UWA
- Connor to get in contact with UWA people who on project with Chris

### Item 2.7: Mentor meeting
- Connor suggested Mentor meeting on 11am-2pm Monday. 
- Ciaran requires accurate time
- Time set of 11am on Monday next week 
- Connor To get in touch

Section moved on block <br>
**Mover:** William van den Wall Bake <br>
**Seconder:** Oliver <br>
Unanimously passed

---

## To Do:

### Item 3.1: Code Reviewer
- Oliver volunteered for Code Review

### Item 3.2: Misc. Technical
- Cirian raised OCR accuracy targets for Chris
- Limitations of current tech talked about and 99% accuracy being 10% of rows
- Raised with client accuracy issues
- Suming values as a way to check accuracy

### Item 3.3: Requirement Analysis Document
- Work done mostly; Section 3.5 has accidentally fallen through cracks.
- Connor volunteered to take up section 3.5 and proof read document.

Section moved on block <br>
Mover: William van den Wall Bake <br>
Seconder: Ciaran <br>
Unanimously passed

---
## Next Meeting:

### Item 4.1: Recurring meeting time
- Tuesday 7:00pm via Discord 

### Item 4.2: Next Client Timezone
- Wednesday 9:00am AWST (6pm Vancouver time) via Teams - Will to get in touch

### Item 4.3: Next Mentor Meeting
- 11am AWST on Monday - Connor to get in touch

Move Items 4.1 to 4.3 on Block <br>
Mover: William van den Wall Bake <br>
Seconder: Ciaran <br>
Unanimously passed

## Meeting Closed: 7:58pm 

---

## Action Items:
- Reports for next meeting:
	+ William Bake - Meeting 5 Minutes 
	+ Connor & Cirian - Continued work on OCR
	+ Connor - Requirment Analysis Document 3.5
	+ Shashwat - UI/Table Build development progress
	+ Oliver - Setup Tests
	+ William Bake - Automatic Table detection investigation (Camelot Pie)
	+ William Bake - Image Sharpening/Text enhancement investigation (Potentially reassign to OCR Crew)
- Contact
	+ William Bake - Chris Parsons new meeting time - 9:00am Wednesday
	+ Connor - Mentor Meeting time - 11am Monday
	+ Connor - UWA In person contact ~ Person also working on project @ UWA
