# **Mentor Meeting 3 Minutes**

**Date 19/09/2024**<br>
**Venue: Teams (Online)**

Present: 
- Ciaran David Petrus Engelbrecht 23169641@student.uwa.edu.au
- Shashwat Abrol 23482415@student.uwa.edu.au
- Connor James Fernie 23443143@student.uwa.edu.au
- Oliver John Dean 21307131@student.uwa.edu.au
- William Sydney Lodge 22980141@student.uwa.edu.au

Apologies: N/A
- William Forrest Stewart van den Wall vdWB 23086983@student.uwa.edu.au

<br>Absent: N/A

## Meeting Opened: 9:05am

---

## Discussions

## 1.0 Mentor Questions

### 1.1 Mentor question 1: How is everything is going?
- Connor described good progress with demo meeting, sprint deliverables, etc.

### 1.2 Mentor question 2: Were the errors code based or library based
- Connor described looking into it after we combined the code together
- Oliver further described his process and code integration

### 1.3 Mentor question 3: Do you think you are on track to meet all the deliverables
- Connor stated we have a very positive outlook on the project
- Oliver said we faced challenges implementing a completely automated workflow
- Andy discussed client expectations and keeping project goals realistic

### 1.4 Mentor question 4: How did task delegation go with sprint documentation
- Connor described being further ahead with documentation than the previous sprint, working with the team
- Andy discussed that it was beneficial to have regular meetings to ensure the team is on track

## 2.0 Team Questions

### 2.1 Team question 1: Task Allocation 
- Connor asked about task allocation strategies
- Andy discussed allocating people at 80% of their capacity and leave the rest available for changes
- Andy suggested potentially communicating more frequently or checking in more often

- Oliver asked if Andy uses specfic tools such as slack or clickup to manage tasks more efficiently
- Andy discussed the tools his team use and how they manage tasks using these tools
- Andy demoed the devops board that his team is currently using

### 2.2 Team question 2: Communicating with Integrated Code
- Connor described the issue the team identified with same code being worked on by multiple team members
- Andy described proper coding practices such as creating branches, issues and pull requests
- Andy explained identifying code that relies on other parts of the code


## 3.0 Next Meeting:
### 3.1 Mentor meeting schedule
- Proposed next meeting: 12th Week of Semester
    - Suggested an informal meeting over lunch

## 4.0 Action Items:
- Discuss with team about task allocation strategies and git practices

## Meeting Closed: 9:28am
