# **Mentor Meeting 1 Minutes**

**Date 12/08/2024**<br>
**Venue: Teams (Online)**

Present: 
- Ciaran David Petrus Engelbrecht 23169641@student.uwa.edu.au
- William Forrest Stewart van den Wall vdWB 23086983@student.uwa.edu.au
- Shashwat Abrol 23482415@student.uwa.edu.au
- Connor James Fernie 23443143@student.uwa.edu.au
- Oliver John Dean 21307131@student.uwa.edu.au
- William Sydney Lodge 22980141@student.uwa.edu.au

Apologies: N/A
<br>Absent: N/A

## Meeting Opened: 11:00am

---

## Discussions

### 1.1 Introductions
- Andy introduced himself and described role as project mentor
- Will vdWB described the project and requirements by our client
- Team members introductions and described their current role in our project

## Mentor Questions

### 2.1 Mentor question 1: How do we find the work right now? 
- Connor described that we are making good progress and communicating well with each other
- Will vdWB made note of issues with estimating the time it takes to complete tasks and agreed the group are making good progress

### 2.2 Mentor question 2: How have we found our stakeholder interactions?
- Will vdWB, Connor and Oliver discussed contact and communication with our client.


## Team Questions

### 3.1 Time estimation for project tasks
- Will vdWB raised the issue of estimating time requirements for tasks for the project, prioritising requirements based on client $100 test.
- Andy described requirements for documents for sprint 1. 

### 3.2 Requirements analysis discussions
- Will vdWB spoke about discussions we have had with client about requirements and Andy spoke about how we deal with the requirement in a formal method.
- Will vdWB and Andy discussed importance of key decisions and technical understanding of the project being identified in requirements document.

### 3.3 Sprint review discussions
- Ciaran asked about requirements and expectations for sprint 1 deliverables
- Andy clarified expectations for sprint 1 and how to present sprint to the client

### 3.4 Progress Check
- Shashwat asked Andy about project progress
- Andy said we need to ensure that we focus roles on project deliverables and that we need to make sure that we manage requirements with the workload of the team.

### 3.5 Discussion of sprint 1 deliverables
- Connor asked about examples of risks to the project
- Andy gave examples. “Things that may impact project success”.

### 3.6 Working on documents
- Will vdWB raised issue about working on documents that client and team don’t require for functional success of the project.
- Andy described the importance of documents for managing a project and the role of a project manager.

### 3.7 Managing deliverables and tasks
- Oliver raised issue of working on project while managing sprint deliverables
- Andy discussed the role of the project manager in ensuring tasks are assigned.

## Next Meeting:
### 4.1 Mentor meeting schedule
- Mentor meeting every 2 weeks and 2 meetings in the final weeks before sprint 3 due date.

## Meeting Closed: 11:57am
