# **Meeting 4 Minutes**

**Date: 30/07/2024**<br>
**Venue: Discord (Online)**

Attendance:
- Connor
- Will Bake
- Cirian 
- Will Lodge
- Shashwat

Absent: 
- Oliver


## Meeting Opened: 7:10 pm

---

## Reports

### Item 1.1: Previous Minutes
Move Minutes for meetings 2.1 and 3 be accepted 
<br> **Moved:** William van den Wall Bake
<br> **Seconded:** Connor
<br> Unanimously passed

---

## Discussions:

### Item 2.1: Project Plan/Outline
Accept basic draft of project plan as outlined in attached image

#### Item 2.1.1: OCR Tool to use
- Discussion of tesseract as potential tool?
- Tesseract decided as starting point for core functionality

#### Item 2.1.2: Language to use
- Core Lang: Python decided
	- PDF to image mentioned
- GUI: Use python also for GUI

**Moved:** William van den Wall Bake <br>
**Seconded:** Connor
<br>
Unanimously passed


### Item 2.3: Discussion Points for client next meeting
- Licensing
- Get his approval of project plan
- Get his approval of Requirements
	- $100 assignment of priorities for requirements
- Scope (?)
- Skills and resources Audit
	- See "To do" section for skills and resources
- Propose regular meeting time
---

## To Do:

### Item 3.1: Project Outline & Functions assignment

- Will Lodge (1->2): PDF Pages to Images
- Shashwat (2->3): User Inputs/Divides up Table
- William van den Wall Bake (3->4): Output each
cell as image
- Connor (4->5): Apply OCR*
- Cirian (5->6): Put Text into Table*
- Oliver: General GUI

\* = Will require collaboration with each other to do

**Moved:** William van den Wall Bake <br>
**Seconded:** Will Lodge
**<br> Passes Unanimously**

### Item 3.2: Setup and Assign Reports

- Everyone come back next meeting with report RE: functions

### Item 3.3: Setting up Project Requirements

- Agree to wait until next meeting before setting up tests

#### Item 3.3.1: Requirements Analysis Document - STARS Project

- Will vdwB: Intro -> 2.0 <br>
- Connor: 3.0 -> 3.1 <br>
- William Lodge: 3.2 -> 3.3 <br>
- Cirian: 3.3 -> 3.5 (excluding 3.4) <br>
- Shashwat: 3.4 <br>

## Move Section 3 on block
**Moved:** William van den Wall Bake <br>
**Seconded:** Connor

**Passes Unanimously**

---

## Next Meeting:

### Item 4.1: Recurring meeting time
- **Tuesdays: 7:00pm**
	 - Backup if agreed to: **Monday 7:00pm**

Move: William vdWB <br>
Seconder: William Lodge

### Item 4.2: Client meeting time
- Proposed time: Friday 5:15pm ~ Online 
	- Backup: Next week sometime ~ **Monday 5pm** ~ Send through budget questions for assessing client value
- Send to client Details

Move: William vdWB<br>
Second: Shashwat 


## Meeting Closed: 8:18pm

---

## Action Items:
- Reports:
	- Will vdWB - Meeting 4 minutes & Cellularize Image function
	- Will Lodge - PDF Page to Image function
	- Shashwat - User Inputs/Divides up Table
	- Connor & Cirian - Apply OCR & Put Text into Table
	- Oliver - GUI function progress
- Communication:
	- Will vdWB - Contact Client with meeting times & Compile Project Time Sheet
- Will vdWB -  Run previous minutes through a spell checker
- 
