# **Meeting 7 Minutes**

**Date: 20/08/2024**<br>
**Venue: Discord (Online)**

Attendance:
- Ciaran David Petrus Engelbrecht <23169641@student.uwa.edu.au>
- William Forrest Stewart van den Wall Bake <23086983@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Shashwat Abrol <23482415@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Connor James Fernie <23443143@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Oliver John Dean <21307131@student.uwa.edu.au>
- William Sydney Lodge <22980141@student.uwa.edu.au>

Apologies: 
- N/A


## Meeting Opened: 7:06pm 

---

## Reports

### Item 1.1: Previous Minutes
Move Minutes for meetings 6 be accepted 
<br> **Moved:** William Bake
<br> **Seconded:** Ciaran
<br> Unanimously passed

### Item 1.2: Progress Reports
- Will vdWB ~ Automatic Table Detection investigation
  - Oliver’s suggested method using luminosity values worked well in William’s implementation – great progress
  - Adding conditions to improve implementation
- Shashwat ~ UI/Table Build development progress
  - Tried new approach but may need new approach of finding vertical lines
- Connor & Cirian ~ Apply OCR & Put Text into Table function
	- Ciaran: has implemented Connor’s code and is giving confidence score, results in manual intervention
- Connor ~ Sprint documents
    - Delivered on time; client sent thanks
- Oliver Dean - Setup Tests 
	- Planning to add more unit testing this week
- Oliver & William Bake ~ GitHub actions
    - Hasn’t been investigated yet, not a priority right now
- Will Lodge
    - Reassigned to task: GitHub actions, comparison verification

Section moved on block
<br> **Moved:** William Bake
<br> **Seconded:** Connor
<br> Unanimously passed
<br>**Reports accepted**

---

## Discussions:

### Item 2.1: Estimates of progress/timing for timesheets for week 5
- William Bake checked timesheet estimates/progress for week 5 with team

### Item 2.2: Further discussions for in meeting
 - Further discussions with team 



Section moved on block
<br> **Moved:** William Bake
<br> **Seconded:** William Lodge
<br> Unanimously passed

---

## To Do:

### Item 3.1: Sprint 2 Deliverables
- Connor discussed deliverables for sprint 2

### Item 3.2: Organise Next Mentor Meeting
- Connor to contact mentor to organise meeting for week 6

### Item 3.3: New Project Manager
- William Bake moved project manager role to Connor

Section moved on block <br>
Mover: William Bake <br>
Seconder: Shashwat <br>
Unanimously passed

---
## Next Meeting:

### Item 4.1: Recurring meeting time
- Friday 30th 9-10am (w/ Auditor)
- Following meeting: Tuesday 3/09/24 7:00pm via Discord 

### Item 4.2: Next Client Timezone
- Wednesday 9:00am AWST (6pm Vancouver time) via Teams - Will to get in touch
- Discussions:
    - General progress
    - Clarify requirements for unreadable headers being flagged (images)

### Item 4.3: Next Mentor Meeting
- Connor will confirm date

### Item 4.4: Next Auditor Meeting
- Shashwat confirmed Friday 30th 9-10am meeting

Move Items on Block <br>
Mover: William van den Wall Bake <br>
Seconder: Oliver <br>
Unanimously passed

## Meeting Closed: 7:45pm 

---

## Action Items:
- Reports for next meeting:
    + Connor - Meeting 7 minutes
	+ Connor & Cirian - Continued work on OCR
	+ Shashwat - UI/Table Build development progress
	+ William Bake - Put some basic data together for OCR, continue on automatic table detection
	+ Oliver - Set up more unit tests
	+ William Lodge - Look into GitHub actions, comparison verification functionality
 
- Contact
	+ Connor - email mentor to confirm next meeting