# Gary
# CITS3200 PROFESSIONAL COMPUTING

## MEETING 6 AGENDA

### Time: 19:00
### Date: 13/08/2024

Venue: Online

| Tasks                      | Sub Tasks                                                                                                                                                                          |
| -------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Reports                    | Confirmation of previous Minutes for meeting 5<br>                                                                                                                     **Progress Reports:**  <br> *Connor & Cirian* - Continuied work on OCR <br> *Connor* - Requirment Analysis Document 3.5 <br>*Shashwat* - UI/Table Build development progress <br> *Oliver* - Setup Tests <br>*William Bake* - Automatic Table Detection investigation 
| Discussions/Clarifications | - Client $100 value results <br> - SPRINT 1 Due <br> - Potential Diff Client meeting time to accomidate Connor  <br> - Potentially Put together Plan for UI or UX in line with MVP <br> - UI Interoperability with Preset or detected table <br> - Assigne someone to look at Optimisation ~ (Already covered by Code Review?) |
| To Do                      | - Confirm Connor on SPRINT 1/Sprint 1 Submisson <br>  - Approach to Auto table detection <br> |
| Next Meeting               | - Reaffirm next recurring meeting <br> - Discussion Points for next Client Meeting|
