# **Client Meeting 8 Minutes**

**Date: 9/10/2024**<br>
**Venue: Teams (Online)**

Attendance:
- William Forrest Stewart van den Wall Bake <23086983@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Shashwat Abrol <23482415@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Connor James Fernie <23443143@student.uwa.edu.au>
- Oliver John Dean <21307131@student.uwa.edu.au>
- William Sydney Lodge <22980141@student.uwa.edu.au>

Apologies:
- Ciaran David Petrus Engelbrecht <23169641@student.uwa.edu.au>

## Meeting Opened: 9:00am

----

## Outline: <br>
 - General progress updates
 - Demo
 - Project handover plan


## **Discussions:**<br>
### Project Handover:
 - Chris discussed planning the project handover
 - Will Bake suggested discussing project handover during the next client meeting
 - Chris worried about users running into issues, Chris would have users join in on the call
 - Oliver put himself forward to help users with the software deployment

### Demonstration:
 - Will Bake discussed general progress and updated Chris on where software is at
 - Chris raised issue of bugs from last demo, Oliver discussed bug fixes
 - Oliver began demonstrating the software as it stands to the client
 - Will Bake raised issue of slow run-time on non Nvidia GPU machines, won't be an issue - Chris
 - Oliver demoed file upload, table detection, user interventions
 - Will Bake -> applying manual table detection to multiple pages
 - Oliver -> manual table detection not being applied in OCR stage properly, Chris requires this feature
 - Oliver -> adding multiple pages may take time 
 - Chris raised issue of header row, solution may just be to manually handle but would appreciate feature for it

### Accuracy vs Speed:
 - Shashwat raised accuracy versus processing time issue, WIll Bake clarified
 - Chris prioritises accuracy

## **To Do:**<br>
 - Bug fixes
 - Improve table detection
 - Header handling

----

## Meeting Closed: 9:44am